== mm_handbook https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/contributors/guidelines/contribution-guidelines -> 200 https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/guidelines/contribution-guidelines
 Contribution guidelines and code of conduct | Mattermost Handbook 
 Mattermost Handbook
 ⌘ Ctrl k 
 Need help? How to spend company money How to update the Handbook Release overview More 
 Mattermost Handbook
 0.2.1 
 Mattermost Handbook 
 Company 
 About Mattermost 
 "How to" guides for staff 
 Operations 
 Company operations 
 Product, Design, and Engineering (PDE) 
 Messaging and Math 
 Sales 
 Deployment Engineering 
 Program Management 
 Customer Success 
 Legal 
 Finance 
 Security 
 Workplace 
 Contributors 
 Equity, diversity, and inclusion 
 How to contribute to Mattermost 
 Mattermost community 
 Contributor kindness 
 Community systems 
 Guidelines and playbooks Social engagement guidelines 
 Contribution guidelines and code of conduct 
 Mattermost Community playbook 
 How to run a Hackathon 
 Hacktoberfest event organizer guide for Mattermost 
 MatterCon 
 Join us 
 Help and support 
 Contact us 
 Powered by GitBook 
 On this page 
 For the complete documentation index, see llms.txt . This page is also available as Markdown .
 Copy 
 On this page 
 0.2.1 
 Contributors 
 Guidelines and playbooks 
 Contribution guidelines and code of conduct
 Code Contribution Guidelines 
 Thank you for your interest in contributing! Please see the Mattermost Contribution Guide which describes the process for making code contributions across Mattermost projects and join our Contributors community channel to ask questions from community members and the Mattermost core team.
 When you submit a pull request, it goes through a code review process outlined here .
 All contributions must adhere to the following Code of Conduct.
 We also expect you to adhere to our Community Expectations guidelines while participating within the Mattermost community. 
 Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct 
 Our Pledge 
 We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.
 We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse, inclusive, and healthy community.
 Our Standards 
 Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our community include: 
 Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people
 Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
 Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
 Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes,
 and learning from the experience 
 Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the
 overall community
 Examples of unacceptable behavior include:
 The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or
 advances of any kind
 Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
 Public or private harassment
 Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email 
 address, without their explicit permission
 Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
 professional setting
 Scope 
 This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces. Examples of representing our community include using an official e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.
 Enforcement 
 Reporting a Violation 
 There are several ways you can report a Code of Conduct violation:
 On the Mattermost Community server: Send a direct message to @mattermostconduct.
 If the violation is in a public or private channel, include a link to the conversation being reported.
 If the violation is in a direct message conversation, provide screenshots.
 On the Mattermost forum: Send a message to @mattermostconduct . 
 Email conduct@mattermost.com .
 All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.
 All community leaders are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the reporter of any incident.
 All reports will remain anonymous . The exception is direct message violations: while we cannot provide reporter anonymity in those situations, they will be handled with extra care so as to not escalate the situation. A draft of the violation message will be sent to the reporter for final review before it is sent.
 Enforcement Responsibilities 
 Community leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.
 Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation decisions when appropriate.
 While the Community leaders are responsibile for handling violations, we ask that you do your best to immediately disengage and report infractions quickly to ensure situations do not escalate.
 Enforcement Guidelines 
 Community leaders will follow these Community Impact Guidelines in determining the consequences for any action they deem in violation of this Code of Conduct:
 1. Correction 
 Community Impact: Use of inappropriate language or other behavior deemed unprofessional or unwelcome in the community.
 Consequence: A private written warning from community leaders, providing clarity around the nature of the violation and an explanation of why the behavior was inappropriate. A public apology may be requested.
 2. Warning 
 Community Impact: A violation through a single incident or series of actions.
 Consequence: A private written warning from community leaders with consequences for continued behavior. No interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, for a specified period of time. This includes avoiding interactions in community spaces as well as external channels like social media. Violating these terms may lead to a temporary or permanent ban.
 3. Temporary Ban 
 Community Impact: A serious violation of community standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior.
 Consequence: A temporary ban from any sort of interaction or public communication with the community for a specified period of time. No public or private interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, is allowed during this period. Violating these terms may lead to a permanent ban.
 4. Permanent Ban 
 Community Impact: Demonstrating a pattern of violation of community standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior, harassment of an individual, aggression toward, or disparagement of, classes of individuals.
 Consequence: A permanent ban from any sort of public interaction within the community.
 Attribution 
 This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant , version 2.0, available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct.html .
 Community Impact Guidelines were inspired by Mozilla's Code of Conduct Enforcement Ladder .
 For answers to common questions about this Code of Conduct, see the FAQ at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq . Translations are available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/translations .
 Previous Social engagement guidelines 
 Next Mattermost Community playbook 
 Last updated 3 years ago 
 Was this helpful?
 Code Contribution Guidelines 
 We also expect you to adhere to our Community Expectations guidelines while participating within the Mattermost community. 
 Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct 
 Our Pledge 
 Our Standards 
 Scope 
 Enforcement 
 Reporting a Violation 
 Enforcement Responsibilities 
 Enforcement Guidelines 
 Attribution 
 Was this helpful?
 
