== typebot https://docs.typebot.io/contribute/overview -> 200 https://docs.typebot.com/contribute/overview
 Contribute - Typebot Docs 
 Documentation Index
 Fetch the complete documentation index at: /llms.txt 
 Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.
 Skip to main content 
 Typebot Docs home page 
 Search...
 ⌘ K 
 Github 
 Dashboard 
 Dashboard 
 Search... 
 Navigation 
 Get started 
 Contribute
 Learn 
 Self-Hosting 
 Contribute 
 API Reference 
Community 
 Get started 
 Contribute 
 Guidelines 
 Guides 
 Local installation 
 Create a new block 
 Documentation 
 Blog 
 Translate 
 The Forge 
 Overview 
 CLI 
 Block 
 Auth 
 Action 
 Run 
 Options 
 Fetcher 
 Get started
 Contribute
 You are considering contributing to Typebot. I and the Fair Source community thank you for this 🙏. 
 Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated . There are many ways to contribute, from improving the documentation, submitting bug reports and feature requests or writing code which can be incorporated into Typebot itself. 
 If you are considering implementing a new feature or a bug fix, please open an
issue first. This will allow us to discuss the specficiation and the best way
to implement it. 
 Implement a new block
 Use the Forge. Our in-house framework to easily add new blocks on Typebot.
Help us have a gigantic library of third-party native integrations on Typebot. 
 Translate Typebot
 Use our framework “The Forge” to easily implement a new block. Help us have a
gigantic library of third-party native integrations on Typebot. 
 Improve the documentation
 Improve the documentation by fixing typos, adding missing information or
proposing new sections. 
 Write official blog posts
 Write original content for Typebot’s blog. Share your knowledge and ideas to a
wider audience. The author will be credited. 
 Report issues
 Report issues you encounter while using Typebot. This will help us improve the
product and make it even better. 
 Engage and help others on Discord
 Engaging with the community and helping others is a great way to contribute to
the project. We’d love to see you on our Discord server. ❤️ 
 Sponsor the project
 If you don’t have time to contribute to the project. You can still show your
appreciation for the project and sponsor my work on Github. 
 Suggest edits 
 Guidelines
 website discord github 
 Powered by This documentation is built and hosted on Mintlify, a developer documentation platform 
 
